The Most Boring Thing Ever Written
I am writing something. Yes, I plan to make it the
most boring thing ever written. I go to the store. 
A car is parked. Many cars are parked or moving.

Some are blue. Some are tan. They have windows. 
In the store, there are items for sale. 
These include such things as soap, detergent, magazines, and lettuce. 
You can enhance your life with these products. 
Soap can be used for bathing, be it in a bathtub or in a shower. 
Apply the soap to your body and rinse. Detergent is used to wash clothes.

Place your dirty clothes into a washing machine and add some detergent
as directed on the box. Select the appropriate settings on your washing 
machine and you should be ready to begin. Magazines are stapled reading
material made with glossy paper, and they cover a wide variety of topics,
ranging from news and politics to business and stock market information.

Some magazines are concerned with more recreational topics, like sports 
card collecting or different kinds of hairstyles. Lettuce is a vegetable. 
It is usually green and leafy, and is the main ingredient of salads. You may 
have an appliance at home that can quickly shred lettuce for use in salads. 
Lettuce is also used as an optional item for hamburgers and deli sandwiches. 
Some people even eat lettuce by itself. I have not done this. 
So you can purchase many types of things at stores.

If I drive around, I sometimes notice the houses and buildings all around. 
There are also pieces of farm land that are very large. Houses can be built 
from different kinds of materials. The most common types are brick, wood, 
and vinyl or synthetic siding. Houses have lawns that need to be tended. 

Lawns need to be mowed regularly. Most people use riding lawnmowers to do this. 
You can also use a push mower. These come in two varieties: gas-powered and manual. 

You don’t see manual push-mowers very much anymore, but they are a good option if you
do not want to pollute the air with smoke from a gas-powered lawnmower. I notice that many 
families designate the lawnmowing responsibility to a teenager in the household. 

Many of these teenagers are provided with an allowance for mowing the yard, as well as 
performing other chores, like taking out the trash, washing the dishes, making their bed, 
and keeping the house organized. Allowances are small amounts of money given by parents to their children, 
usually on a weekly basis. These usually range from 5 dollars to 15 dollars, sometimes even 20 dollars. 
Many parents feel that teenagers can learn financial responsibility with this system.
